Add a warning about lack of devtool support (#4803)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/virtualview.md

However, blocking the main thread also comes with tradeoffs. If an update operation, such as mounting the children of a `VirtualView`, takes too long to finish, it can now drop frames. Dropping more than a couple frames can lead to a worse user experience by making the app feel sluggish and non-responsive. Dropping too many frames may cause the operating system to display a modal indicating the app is not responsive, or it may even terminate your app!

:::warning

> DevTools currently does not support debugging JavaScript on the main thread. This means if you are debugging code called from `onModeChange` that is rendered on the main thread, your debugger may freeze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevTools currently does not support debugging JavaScript on the main thread. This means if you are using breakpoints to debug code called from `onModeChange` that is executed on the main thread, your debugger may freeze.

Debugging all other parts of your JavaScript code should work as expected. We are working on closing this gap before releasing `VirtualView` to stable channels of React Native.
```

Maybe something explicit like this?
